mortal kombat is a martial arts fantasy
film
we are shown three types of worlds or
kingdoms
one our planet earth two the world of
hell and three a world where powerful
people live everything is in contrast
there these three kingdoms used to fight
a lot because each one wanted to win to
rule due to their fight it is decided
that there will be a war between them
and this movie is named on that war
mortal kombat the one who wins will rule
over the other kingdoms and will merge
all kingdoms into as one this war will
have total nine rounds the kingdom whose
people were powerful was named as out
world and its leader didn't want to
substart the mortal combat war because
he considered himself very strong and
used to kill people without any war we
are shown the past at the beginning of
the movie where we see a man
his name was hang so and he was the best
warrior of the kingdom earth he used to
live with his wife son and a little baby
girl they were living happily one day
when hankso was not home an out world
warrior attacks on his home that man
starts killing all people of that area
and then comes to hangzhou's wife and
son hankso's wife has hidden the little
girl in the basement of their home but
that man freezes hangzhou's wife and son
and kill them when hanso comes back to
the death of all people he starts to
fight him and during the fight that man
kills hangso then the soul of hanso goes
to the kingdom of hell and then there
come the leaders of earth who take out
the little girl from there and take
hansa's knife with them now the story
moves to present where we see that the
out world has already won nine rounds
and was ready to rule over the world but
there was also a prediction that
hankso's blood will unite many young
people who will fight against that
kingdom and will protect their kingdom
earth now the people who were chosen to
fight back the kingdom they had a mark
on their body which was a dragon a man
among them is cole who used to live with
his wife and daughter
and he keeps getting visions of hang so
in his knife but he was unable to know
that why this was happening then we see
that the same outworld warrior who comes
to kill him but a man comes there and
saves him he offers him ride and gives
the address of his friend and asked them
to go there and that man himself starts
fighting the outworld warrior a world
warrior freezes his hands and blasts
them then we see cole and his family has
reached at that friend's home that
girl's name was sonia and she tells them
that they both were an army and we were
given a task to find those people who
had a mark which tells that they are
warriors of earth we are doing research
on them she tells cole that he has the
same dragon mark on his body which means
that you will also fight mortal kombat
nature chose you cole laughs that she is
joking then sonia says no
we also have to find other people for
the war who have this mark on their body
and you will help me and join me
sonia introduces cole to a very angry
man he had the same mark on his body
they were talking when there comes a
reptile looking creature they fight it
and the lights were going on and off but
in the end the angry man kills that
reptile looking creature now nobody
knows that the training of kingdom
earth's warriors happen where but the
angry man knew but he says that he has
no interest in this and he is not going
to tell anyone sonja offers him some
money and he agrees and then they go
there by plane this place was a temple
in the desert where the warriors were
trained and the leader of kingdom earth
has made it there they meet a temple
guide who was also a warrior of kingdom
earth there were paintings of an old era
seeing which cole start seeing visions
again then we see sonia's friend as well
he lost his hands but new mechanical
hands were attached to his body they
seemed like robotic hands and were
attached by none other than the leader
of the earth who came there he meets all
the warriors there and tells them we
don't have much time left for war and
you people aren't still ready with no
power in you then the leader of the
outworld comes there who came here to
kill them with his companions leader of
the earth makes a shield between them
due to which they stay unable to attack
them
then we see the brother of that temple
guide who says that we own many powers
can't we join them let's take the
training his brother agrees and now they
were getting training with warriors but
sonya wasn't getting trained as her body
neither had that mark nor she had any
superpower during the training
everyone's superpowers were being
revealed like temple guide can light up
the fire with his hands and his brother
has a unique hat that works as a blade
and that angry person can emit laser
light from his eyes but no superpower
was revealed for coal yet leader of
kingdom earth asks him do you know who
you are
you are from the great leader hangzhou's
tribe i saved her daughter's life years
age and then you were also born
afterward in the same tribe but cole
replies that i don't want to be a part
of this battle i want to stay with my
wife and daughter then the leader sends
him back to his home and he becomes very
happy to get back home but on the other
hand the leader from the out world is
preparing his warriors for the battle he
then takes them to attack the kingdom
earth one of the members of out world
offers angry man plenty of money and
power if he joins them the angry man was
a greedy man by nature so he accepts the
offer and joins their gang and removes
the shield with help of his laser that
was originally established by the leader
earth kingdom by destroying the shield
outworld's people gained access to the
earth and start extreme fighting
everyone was attacking each other and
when the brother of the temple guide is
about to kill the leader of outworld
then suddenly a female warrior from
outworld comes and attacks him but he
cut her in two pieces by his blade hat
the angry man was also attacking the
kingdom earth's people
friend of sonia was also not in full
powers and his hands were out of
function on the other side while cole
was with his family they see a giant
creature that suddenly attacks them when
cole sees that he is going to attack his
family then he gets super angry all of
sudden his superpowers start revealing
and his body starts to get covered with
a shield and two swords appear in his
hands from which he then kills that
creature coal now has an idea that
temple is also under attack and if this
world is going to be destroyed
then his family could never be safe too
thinking the same he goes back to the
temple where another female warrior from
out world is trying to kill sonia then
she comes to know that sonia isn't a
warrior and leaves her but then the
angry man comes there to attack her he
makes her numb then we see that the
hands of sonia's friend are still not
working he tries a lot and becomes angry
then out of sudden his mechanical hands
get very advanced and he gets power he
lifts the stones around and saves
sonja's life when outworld leader comes
to know that cole is from hanso's tribe
he tries to kill him and attacks him but
at the very moment the leader of kingdom
earth makes a shield where they can live
safely he starts to teleport all the
warriors to there but then the special
warrior about world leader attacks coal
brother of temple guide comes there to
save coal by his hat but outworld's
leader catches him and takes out his
soul unluckily no one could save him and
they all get transferred to that shield
area where they are safe there the
leader of kingdom earth gives cole a
knife
this was the knife of hanso he tells him
that if you use this in the war hangso
soul will help you cole says that we
will fight the warriors individually and
in the end we will fight their special
warriors so that none of them could
attack us
and then they do the same
sonia's friend and temple guide kills
their two warriors there now sonia goes
to kingdom earth to kill that angry man
because he betrayed them his body had
the dragon mark the mark of the kingdom
earth but he betrayed sonia managed to
kill him at last
and now his mark has shifted to sonia's
body now she has become a warrior she
comes back to war and her superpower
reveals there that her hands emit a type
of energy that can kill anyone she kills
the female warrior of outworld as soon
as she comes there a world leader
becomes angry when he becomes aware of
this he orders his special warrior to go
and freeze cole's family so that they
cannot win whole reaches there when he
becomes aware of this and starts
fighting to protect his family but soon
the special warrior takes him over with
his freezing power and freezes his hands
cole takes out his knife but that
warrior injures his hand and his hand
starts to bleed with the help of this
blood king hang so gets free from
kingdom hell but he has become a
scorpion now he still loves his family
now cole and hang so are fighting
together with that special warrior
hangzhou has come from hell so he starts
using his special powers he blows fire
on that warrior from outworld and burns
him to death cole successfully evacuates
his family hangso tells him to take care
of himself and his family and then he
goes from there in the meantime leader
of kingdom earth and other warriors
reach call the outworld leader also came
there and becomes furious he collects
the ashes of his all warriors and says
that this time you defeated me with your
presence of mind but he will come back
with his army one day
leader of kingdom earth replies that you
are defeated badly now go away then he
abducts him by emitting his laser beam
on the outworld leader then the earth's
leader tells his warriors that we won
today but there may be a war again and
we will need more good warriors for that
in the end we see that cole goes to find
another man who is also a warrior and
the movie ends here
thank you for watching and don't forget
to subscribe